Added possibility to put additional buttons above a calendar (#24)
gianlucaparadise/telegraf-calendar-telegram: README.md

- `monthNames`: month names
- `minDate`: minimum selectable date (there is a setter on Calendar object, too)
- `maxDate`: maximum selectable date (there is a setter on Calendar object, too)

> - `shortcutButtons`: list of additional buttons data, which will be displayed at the top of calendar (example: [{"label": "Today", "differenceCurrentDate": 0}])

Reviewer: Please, use backticks ` to display code in a README.
Moreover add an example using the new API:

```suggestion
- `shortcutButtons`: list of additional buttons data, which will be displayed at the top of calendar. You can add a button with: `shortcutButtons: [{"label": "Today", "action": "ping"}]` and you can handle it with `bot.action("ping", context => context.reply("pong"))`
```

Author: Ok, got it
